NAME
    Text::PrettyTable - Create a pretty formatted table using ASCII
    characters

VERSION
    version 0.00

SYNOPSIS
DESCRIPTION
    NOTE: THIS MODULE HAS NOT BEEN IMPLEMENTED. CURRENT RELEASE IS A LAND
    GRAB.

    This module is yet another text table formatter module, with focus on
    *prettiness* (over other things such as verbatim output of data).
    Planned features:

    *   Colors and color themes

        Will be used by default. Output will automatically degrade to black
        and white if terminal does not support color.

    *   Extended ANSI characters

        To make pretty table borders. Output will automatically degrade to
        ASCII characters if terminal does not support extended ANSI.

    *   Autowidth and content clipping

        Table width will not overlap (exceed terminal width) by default;
        instead table contents will be clipped. Remember, the main focus is
        on prettiness.

    *   Autoformatting of data

        Will detect column names (among other things) to find out how to
        best display the data. For example, columns with names like
        "send_date" or "ctime" and containing Unix timestamps data will be
        autoformatted to "Y-m-d H:M:S", or "X hours ago". So will DateTime
        objects. Numbers will be right-aligned, possibly with
        thousand-separators. Formatting will be locale-aware. And so on.

    *   Automatic column reordering

        By default it will try to reorder column if it makes sense, e.g.
        "id" columns first. Of course, this behavior can be turned off.

    *   Unicode support

        Stay pretty when table cells contain full width characters.

    *   Backends

        Mainly to support graceful degradation. Different backends include:
        ANSI, ASCII, CSV/column-delimited, HTML.

SEE ALSO
    Text::Table

    Text::SimpleTable

    Text::ASCIITable, which I usually used.

    Text::UnicodeTable::Simple

    Table::Simple (uses Moose)

AUTHOR
    Steven Haryanto <stevenharyanto@gmail.com>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Steven Haryanto.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

